Hello friends, Dmitry, we are
We continue to look for Easter eggs in daylight and
I'll show you very funny today
funny easter egg for her we are nothing
get only positive emotions
and all so let's show first on
map where it is located
near the hangars where actually
there are freight trains there even was by
my quest to find a place to go
red smoke so here you are
let's go through this quest or
you will just see this protection icon
you must go on it and
talk to this guy he's killed you
to cool zombies and worth watching here
let's chat with him epson
where to find a dry well and i'm i'm a fan
man screening
in general it is necessary to accompany him on
my somewhere but the joke is not
this is that after we go here in
this hangar is something must happen
so look
zombie dancing indian dance you only
look credit
well done guys what are you just
look what plastic movements
hips how to move so well done captain
captain well done at all just this is complete
fly away wow wow you went movable part
this fire even just dance and it
support such masochka main thing
this is this one this guy can be seen
immediately see the white uniform
this is so background oh so how dancing
dance and here
oh that's just fine i'm telling you
positive emotions are simply provided for us
oh oh you just girls went yes no no
no, this is indian dance
took away all the end this all end up
bravo brava bravo guys like that
I flew here from everybody
them subjects this is how you guys will hand
well, you had a wonderful dance
we certainly liked him he was
just brilliant
and especially here is the main dancer white
shirt you were just amazing i i
your fan now just now let's
gather all year gather in circle
preferably come on guys stand up
in a circle still let's get up in a circle not
is potty right now will be now
there will be a photo of the attendants
photographed at last
so here's a easter
Easter egg in my very cool
it turned out I really liked these
damn dancing they were so cool i
probably it will be revised by
several times but it was really cool
so eat
but for the sake of there actually shooting go
so one more in the frame climb well we are all without
Baska remained hello lady
all over the hands and
Well, that's such a Easter egg, I hope she
you like it thank you very much
watched subscribe to the channel write
your comments put your fingers on top with
You have been Dmitry so far